# Apple and Butternut Squash Soup__Keywords__: Soup## Details__Picture__: n/a__Serves__: 4 or 5 serves## Ingredients1/4 c. peanut oil1 2-lb butternut squash, peeled, seeded and cut into 2-inch pieces (approximately 4 c.)2 Northern Spy or McIntosh apples, peeled, cored and cut into 2-inch pieces (approximately 2 c.)1 large onion, peeled and coarsely chopped (approximately 1 c.)3/4 t. curry powder1/2 t. ground mace1/2 t. ground cardamom1 c. cider1 quart homemade chicken stock1/2 c. half-and-half1/2 t. salt1/4 t. white pepper1/4 c. finely minced scallions, green tops included, for garnish.## Directions1. Heat the peanut oil in a large stockpot over medium-low heat.2. Add the squash, apples and onion, stir to coat with oil and sauté uncovered, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes, or until onion is transparent.3. Stir in the mace, curry and cardamom and continue cooking until the onion begins to brown.4. Add the cider. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium-high heat and cook for three minutes.5. Add the stock, lower the heat to medium-low and simmer the mixture, partially covered, for another 35 minutes or until the squash is tender.6. Transfer the mixture to a food-processor bowl and process until the soup is smooth, then return the soup to the stockpot.7. Reduce the soup, uncovered, over medium-low heat, to about one-fourth. Stir occasionally.8. Stir in the half-and-half, salt and pepper and bring to simmer.9. Pour into warmed bowls and sprinkle the scallions over the top.