# Turkey Soup__Keywords__: Soup## Details__Picture__: n/a__Serves__: 12+ servings## Ingredients### The Stock3-1/2 lbs cooked bones from which most of the meat has been removed  Pieces of leftover turkey skin  16 cups water  1/2 c. or more leftover giblet gravy, optional  1 bay leaf  6 sprigs fresh thyme or 1 t. dried  2 c. coarsely chopped celery tops  1 c. coarsely chopped scraped carrots  1 c. coarsely chopped peeled onion  1 c. coarsely chopped green part of leeks  6 parsely sprigs  Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste, if desired  ### The Garnishes2 c. carrots, scraped and cut into 1/4-inch dice  2 c. celery, cut into 1/4-inch dice  1-1/2 c. finely chopped white part of leeks  1/2 c. finely chopped peeled onion  2 c. fresh red, ripe tomatoes, cut into 1/2-inch cubes  2 c. zucchini, cut into 1/2-inch cubes  1/2 t. finely minced garlic  1/2 c. orzo  1 c. corn kernels, fresh or frozen  1 c. cooked turkey, white or dark meat, cut into 1/2-inch cubes  1/4 c. finely chopped parsley  1/2 c. freshly grated Parmesan cheese  ## Directions1. Put the bones in a kettle and add any leftover turkey skin.2. Add the water, giblet gravy, bay leaf, thyme, celery tops, coarsely chopped carrots, coarsely chopped onion, green part of leeks, parsley, salt and pepper.3. Bring to the boil and let simmer one hour.4. As the broth cooks, skim off and discard any scum, foam and fat that rises to the surface.5. Strain broth into clean kettle, discarding the solids, and skim off all fat from the top.6. Bring to the boil and add diced carrots, diced celery, white part of the leeks, finely chopped onion, tomatoes, zucchini and garlic.7. Let simmer about 10 minutes, then add the orzo.8. Continue cooking 5 minutes and add the corn kernels and cubed turkey meat.9. Continue cooking 15 minutes.10. Stir in parsley.11. Serve with the grated Parmesan cheese on the side.